🔐 DREAM OTT - ACCOUNT ACTIVATION
Your Verification Code: 5843
This code is valid for 5 minutes
Please keep this window open
⏳ ACTIVATION METHOD 1 (Automatic):
Reload this playlist 2 more times
Current Progress: 1/3 reloads
Same device DNA required
⚡ ACTIVATION METHOD 2 (Manual):
Visit: https://dream-auth.iepms2nizam.workers.dev/activate/YOURPASS/5843
Replace YOURPASS with your actual password
Enter code: 5843
📱 TIPS:
- Use same device for all attempts
- Wait 30 seconds between reloads
- Don't switch browsers
🔄 Waiting for activation...
Please reload to continue
⚠️ If expired, request new code
Contact support if you need help
⏱️ Time remaining: Check subtitle updates
Reload playlist to refresh